Clarify that custom finalizer names must be publicly qualified finalizer names (#50702)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/finalizers.md

Kubernetes specifies some finalizers automatically, but you can also specify
your own.

> {{<note>}}
> * Custom finalizer names must be fully qualified names, such as example.com/finalizer-name. Kubernetes enforces this format, and will reject resources that do not use qualified finalizer names.
> {{</note>}}

Reviewer: Thanks. We don't normally use "fully qualified"; our jargon terms are public (known across multiple clusters) and private (eg for label keys).

Try this:
```suggestion
{{< note >}}
Custom finalizer names **must** be publicly qualified finalizer names, such as `example.com/finalizer-name`.
Kubernetes enforces this format; the API server rejects writes to objects where the change does not use qualified finalizer names for any custom finalizer.
{{< /note >}}
```

If you accept this change, please also update the commit message and PR title.

---

(nit)
This note is important, but it should appear later in the page. It is not so important that it should be part of the page overview.

Author: Thanks for reviewing this, I've made the requested changes just now
